docs/notes.md, before:


The following design document is synthesised from [this document](
https://modusbox.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CV/pages/340820007/30+Admin+Portal#id-30AdminPortal-3%29Financemanagementportal).

The design below provides detail on the generic tab, list, and details views shown in the
wireframe: ![Shoddy UI wireframe](./wireframe.png?raw=true)


## Tabs
* Participants
* Settlements
* Settlement Windows


### Participants
Contains the Participant List view.


### Settlements
Contains the Settlements List view.


### Settlement Windows
Contains the Settlement Windows list view.



## Views
* Participant List
* Settlement List
* Settlement Detail
* Settlement Window List
* Settlement Window Detail
* Participant Detail


### Participant List
On selection of participant, overlay Participant Detail
#### Columns
* Name
* ID
* Country
On selection, show up Participant Detail view


### Participant Detail
#### Detail
* Name
* ID
* Country
* Currencies
* Current window info (by currency)
    * Outgoing transactions
    * Incoming transactions
    * Net position / Net debit Cap (%)
#### Actions
* Stop transactions
* Edit NDC


### Settlement List
On selection of settlement, overlay Settlement Detail
#### Columns
* ID
* Start date
* End date
* Status


### Settlement Detail
#### Detail
* Settlement ID
* Contained settlement window IDs
* Sum of debits
* Currency
* Start date
* End date
* Status
* Amounts (credit/debit/net) per participant/currency
#### Actions
* Download payment file
* Commit settlement (if it is pending)


### Settlement Window List
On selection of settlement window, overlay Settlement Window Detail
#### Detail
* Window ID
* Start date
* End date
* Currency
* Status


### Settlement Window Detail
#### Detail
* Window ID
* Sum of debits
* Currency
* Start date
* End date
* Status
* Amounts (credit/debit/net) per participant
#### Actions
* Close settlement window

Commit message:

Better detail about wireframe and document

docs/notes.md, after:


The following design document is synthesised from [this document](
https://modusbox.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CV/pages/340820007/30+Admin+Portal#id-30AdminPortal-3%29Financemanagementportal).

The following wireframe presents two views. On the left, a main view consisting of a navigation
bar, a filter, and a details pane. This is the view the user will be presented with after login.
The navigation bar is intended to contain the various sections of the UI- at the time of writing
_Participants_, _Settlements_, and _Settlement Windows_. On the right, a details view. This shows a
contrived _Settlements Detail_ view, modally overlaid atop the faded main view. The wireframe is
intended to present the general design of the interface. The specific information displayed in each
of these views is defined in the rest of this document.
![Shoddy UI wireframe](./wireframe.png?raw=true)


## Tabs
* Participants
* Settlements
* Settlement Windows


### Participants
Contains the Participant List view.


### Settlements
Contains the Settlements List view.


### Settlement Windows
Contains the Settlement Windows list view.



## Views
* Participant List
* Settlement List
* Settlement Detail
* Settlement Window List
* Settlement Window Detail
* Participant Detail


### Participant List
On selection of participant, overlay Participant Detail
#### Columns
* Name
* ID
* Country
On selection, show up Participant Detail view


### Participant Detail
#### Detail
* Name
* ID
* Country
* Currencies
* Current window info (by currency)
    * Outgoing transactions
    * Incoming transactions
    * Net position / Net debit Cap (%)
#### Actions
* Stop transactions
* Edit NDC


### Settlement List
On selection of settlement, overlay Settlement Detail
#### Columns
* ID
* Start date
* End date
* Status


### Settlement Detail
#### Detail
* Settlement ID
* Contained settlement window IDs
* Sum of debits
* Currency
* Start date
* End date
* Status
* Amounts (credit/debit/net) per participant/currency
#### Actions
* Download payment file
* Commit settlement (if it is pending)


### Settlement Window List
On selection of settlement window, overlay Settlement Window Detail
#### Detail
* Window ID
* Start date
* End date
* Currency
* Status


### Settlement Window Detail
#### Detail
* Window ID
* Sum of debits
* Currency
* Start date
* End date
* Status
* Amounts (credit/debit/net) per participant
#### Actions
* Close settlement window
